Recently, I became an actual number one
best-selling author, unironically. So,
here's now what a typical day looks like
for me. First, I wake up. Then, I take a
shower. And then, I enter TwitchCon for
my daily book signing. First, famous
author T. Morris quiets the crowd. Then,
Pastor Failboat leads the audience in
the national Doug anthem.
Next, T. Morris administers the
traditional oath of reading, officiated
by the nearest blind guy, after which I
read a passage from my book for a full 5
minutes.
>> Dog dog dog
fingers.
>> Today's sermon was special because I was
receiving an award from some European
guy.
And finally, after a drink of holy olive
oil, we begin the official book signing
ceremony, which typically lasts 37
hours. I don't even use the bathroom
until finally I black out. I wake up in
some guy's living room, and then I get
ready to do it all over again.